docs: documentation for running non-root VMM (#2546)
kata-containers/kata-containers: docs/how-to/how-to-run-rootless-vmm.md

## Introduction
To improve the security, Kata Container runtime supports running the VMM process (currently only QEMU) as a non-root user.

> This doc describes how to enable the rootless VMM mode and its limitations.

Reviewer: s/doc/document/

## Pre-requisites
The permission and ownership of the `kvm` device node (`/dev/kvm`) need to be configured to:
```
crw-rw---- 1 root kvm
```
use the following commands:
```
sudo groupadd kvm -r

> sudo chgrp kvm /dev/kvm

Reviewer: It might be worth adding an explicit `sudo chown` "just in case".

sudo chmod 660 /dev/kvm
```

## Configure rootless VMM
By default, the VMM process still runs as root user. There are two ways to enable rootless VMM:
1. Set the `rootless` flag to `true` in the `configuration.toml`.

> 2. Set the Kubernetes annotation `io.katacontainers.hypervisor.rootless` to `true`.

Reviewer 2: Please see my comments here : https://github.com/kata-containers/kata-containers/pull/2432/commits/d2dbdaba5fd992bc4a43e4fcd06bf887d7cc3a67#r701717117

Author: @amshinde Sorry I couldn't find any comment following the link above. Could you please verify the link or put the comment here?

Reviewer 3: @amshinde, correct me if I'm mistaken, but your comment was related to using the `rootless_hypervisor` instead of only using `rootless`, as the name may be misleading.

I  agree with @amshinde on this topic and I'd appreciate if this could be updated.

Author: @fidencio just to confirm, are you suggesting to change the flag from `rootless` to `rootless_hypervisor`?

Reviewer 4: `io.katacontainers.hypervisor.rootless_hypervisor` uhmmm  :thinking:   `hypervisor` word twice ?  weird...

Reviewer 3: Yeah, you convinced me, @devimc. :-)

Reviewer 5: @fengwang666 with the setting in the `configuration.toml`, I get rootless containers regardless of the annotation you refer to here. Are you sure it's necessary?

## Limitations

1. Only the VMM process is running as a non-root user. Other processes such as Kata Container shimv2 and `virtiofsd` still run as a root user.

> 2. Currently, this feature is only supported in QEMU. Still need to bring it to Firecracker and Cloud Hypervisor.

Author: Currently it's no-op for FC/CLH if `rootless` is set to `true`.

3. Certain features will not work when rootless VMM is enabled, including:

>    1. Passing devices directly to the guest (`virtio-blk`, `virtio-scsi`) will likely not work because of permission denied error, unless the device has a very permissive permission (e.g. 666).

Reviewer: I'd re-phrase this slightly to something like:

```suggestion
   1. Passing devices directly to the guest (`virtio-blk`, `virtio-scsi`) will not work if the non-privileged user does not have permission to access it (leading to a permission denied error). A more permissive permission (e.g. 666) may overcome this issue. However, you need to be aware of the potential security implications of reducing the security on such devices.
```

## Introduction
To improve security, Kata Container supports running the VMM process (currently only QEMU) as a non-`root` user.
This document describes how to enable the rootless VMM mode and its limitations.

## Pre-requisites
The permission and ownership of the `kvm` device node (`/dev/kvm`) need to be configured to:
```
$ crw-rw---- 1 root kvm
```
use the following commands:
```
$ sudo groupadd kvm -r
$ sudo chown root:kvm /dev/kvm
$ sudo chmod 660 /dev/kvm
```

## Configure rootless VMM
By default, the VMM process still runs as the root user. There are two ways to enable rootless VMM:
1. Set the `rootless_hypervisor` flag to `true` in the `configuration.toml`.
2. Set the Kubernetes annotation `io.katacontainers.hypervisor.rootless` to `true`.

## Implementation details

> When `rootless_hypervisor` is enabled, upon a request to create a Pod, Kata Containers runtime creates a random user and group (e.g. `kata-123`), and uses them to start the hypervisor process. 

Reviewer 3: In this case we will move back to `rootless` instead of `rootless_hypervisor`.  Sorry, I missed the option was **already** under the hypervisor section.  My bad.

Reviewer 3: @fengwang666, please, just fix this one and I'll approve this PR.  I'm going through the other one now.
